Isn't grandpa's condition getting better?
Why did it relapse?
The fourth brother can't drag the hospital
Stop the illness and suddenly break the law
It's not like a little girl arrived in time
Called an ambulance
I just applied for you to check who that person is.
Answer well thank you yes
Wake up wake up
Grandma is awake
What's wrong with me?
Grandpa, how is your body?
You still don't know it yourself?
Why did you sneak out of the hospital?
What if something happens?
I've been in the hospital for a week
I feel like I'm moldy, Ah Chen
I heard that my biological daughter who left home is back
He's your fiancee
When will you bring it back to meet me?
No problem.
you
Are you trying to piss me off?
I don't care about anti-war
You must marry the daughter of the Li family
Otherwise, how can I explain it to others?
Grandpa
The daughter of the Li family has been living outside for so many years
Just got it back
Don't say
There is no love between the two of us at all
I don't even know what kind of person he is.
How could I possibly marry her?
emotion emotion
Can feelings be cultivated?
No emotion